[IOP] Logging parameters are made configurable (#1785)
cloudfoundry/service-fabrik-broker: docs/operator_apis.md

Response Body:
Triggering update for 5 instances
```

## Logging  

> In operator-apis we are using `zap` (i.e. sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/log/zap ) plugin for logging. The log level, stacktrace level and output format can be changed/configured from values.yal file.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In operator-apis we are using `zap` (i.e. sigs.k8s.io/controller-runtime/pkg/log/zap) plugin for logging. The log level, stacktrace level and output format can be changed/configured from [values.yaml](helm-charts/interoperator/values.yaml).
```
